# NYC Citi Bike Analysis
New York City (NYC) is a great place for citi bikes. The population is desnse and destinations are close enough to allow people to bike around the city. This is evident from the amount of people using Citi Bikes around the downtown area of NYC. However, in the outskirts of the city, fewer people use these bike in forvor of other transpotation methods. Using the NYC data, we also found that yonger people were most likly to use the bike to travel around the city with aboud 25% of them being female.
## How this compairs to Des Moines
Des Moines is not as populated as New York City and does not have the same density as NYC. However that age distribution is very similar to New York. About %63 of the population is between the ages of 18 and 65. This is the age group that uses the bikes most in New York. It is also worth mentioning that commute times in NYC are vastly greater than in Des Moines. The average commute time in New York City is 41 minutes while in Des Moines it is 19 minutes. With shorter commmute times, it would be more fesable for people to use Citi Bikes to get to and from work.
## McDonalds: NYC vs Des Moines
To clearly see how much less densily populated Des Moines is compaired to new York City, the map of McDonalds in bother areas was provided. In the NYC map, you can see there is a McDonalds almost every few blocks. This is just a testimony to how many people are packed into the city. However, in Des Moines the McDonalds are spaced out with only a few being close together in the downtown area. This will have an impact on how many people use the Citi Bike. Although Des Moines is an ideal place for the bikes, it will not have the same amount of usage as in NYC. The population differences betweent the two cities is to great. However that does not mean the bike will not succeed. Although small, the downtown area of Des Moines will provide a great place to put the bikes.

[Link to Dashboard](https://public.tableau.com/profile/skylar.fung#!/vizhome/Challenge_15874299792160/Story1)